I was thinking about my future when I was in my bed in my bedroom. I made a decision to write my family’s name on a piece of paper with a pen since most of my family have gone to a foreign country whether it was Canada or the US, and I made this decision for self-motivation things. Therefore, almost all the names of my family members were written by me on a piece of paper by means a pen. A little time later, I tried to improve my English much more than previous. I tried and tried and tried. Lastly, I managed to improve my English, and my IELTS test was passed by me as well as my university’s scores.
If my memory serves me correctly when I was a schoolboy, my friends and I made a decision to go on a trip. That is why after I came back from my school I went to my bedroom and my clothes were packed by me. I called my near and dear friend named Sina and he told me he managed to pack his stuff. After a moment, a school bus came to me and I got on this bus. Also, this bus took Sina and we went on a long trip. In fact, our destination was a location on the borderline between Germany and France. The weather was extremely cold and it rained. I forgot to take my umbrella, that is why I asked the bus driver to stop. I got off the bus, went to a store and bought an umbrella for myself. It was absolutely pretty. When I went out of the shop, I opened this umbrella, walked into the rainy weather, and at last, I got on the bus. Our bus driver was a nice guy. He had a grey moustache and a little beard. Kindness and happiness were some of his properties. 
I sat on a chair and our bus started to move. At that time, I was alone since Sina was sleeping, however, I wanted a person to talk with. I saw a boy that was in front of me, and he was playing Call Of Duty Mobile. The fact of the matter is that I had not this game on my phone, and furthermore, I was extremely shy at that time, nevertheless, I tried to communicate with this person. I asked him to install this game on my phone. He was absolutely kind, and finally, the game was installed on my phone by his hands, and we played together for almost 2 hours. After these 2 hours, Sina got up. Fortunately, he had this game on his phone, that is why we created a squad, and lastly, we won that game with loads of kills. 
The bus driver told us that we arrived at Tukey. I was extremely delighted since I love Turkey. In fact, Turkey has got several famous cities like Istanbul and Antalya. If my memory serves me correctly when I was a preschool boy I had the wish to go to Antalya since this city has got loads of huge and absolutely good water parks and hotels. Not only this city has got a huge number of water parks but also, this city has got loads of five-star hotels. Although this country is quite good, Turkey has got a bad economy since their money is valueless. To make a long story short, I got off the bus, and we went to a hotel for our lunch. The menu was seen by me. Finally, I ordered a pizza chicken.
I was waiting for my friends to order. Suddenly, a familiar person was seen by me. It was Alireza. You may ask a question, and the question might be: Who is Alireza? Alireza was one of my best friends when I was in my previous house and I had 10 years old. At that time, I was playing a lot of games with him like football, basketball and stuff like that. Good to those days! I remember the scene when I was shooting some rocks at our friend named Nasr, some rocks were thrown by Nasr and crashed into my dear head. I pushed my bloody head, and I went to my house as fast as possible. I was taken to the bathroom by my mother. Although she was quite stressed, she pushed some napkins on my head until my blood was stopped.
I invited Alireza to not only join us but also, to order something and eat it with us. Although he was full, he tried to eat his lunch completely. After lunch, I went to my room in my hotel. I connected to the WIFI of the hotel and also, I took a shower. When I came back from the bathroom I saw my phone was rung by Sina. I tried to call back him, however, he did not answer his phone. That is why I came to his room personally. When the door bell was being pushed by me, I saw Sina was swimming in the pool. He told me: come on Mobin join me and enjoy! I took my clothes off and I dived into the pool. A huge wave was made by my jump, and my friend got away. 
He told me: what a heavy man! However, I was not quite heavy. I tend to think that 82 kilograms were ok for me. Although he called me a heavy man, he was an approximately 95-kilogram man. To make a long story short, I dived into the pool and he escaped since a huge wave was created by my body. We spared some time together. After approximately 3 hours, we saw a slender sexy woman was coming into our pool. She was scanned by my friend and me fully. At that time we remember the day that we wanted to go to our gym early. The woman’s shift was ending at 7.30 pm. However, when I opened the gym door, at the first moment I thought my gym mates get slimmer and more slender before my friend told me that there are women. When I heard it not only I was got shocked but also, I got crazy since I had not seen this scene until that time. I told to Sina I get fore again to try and go to a foreign country.
After that scene, we got in my car despite the fact that we were shocked! I tried to remember the scene where 2 women were in the gym. I was looking at the closer girl, however, my friend was looking at the further girl. The girl that I was looking at had a pink panty, and another girl had a white one. About 10 minutes later, we got off my car and we went to the gym on our feet. A girl went up the gym stairs. We asked her about the number of girls who work out at the gym right now. She told us there is still one girl at the gym. Although I wanted to go and see this slender girl, Sina did not agree with my opinion. That is why I did not go to the gym at that time. 10 minutes later, the gym man named Behrooz came to the gym, and after greeting we went to the gym together. It was my first memory that I felt as if I was in another country.
